entitlement management: add additionalAccess query API for separation of duties analysis (#16495)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackageassignment.md

| [List accessPackageAssignments](../api/entitlementmanagement-list-accesspackageassignments.md) | [accessPackageAssignment](accesspackageassignment.md) collection | Retrieve a list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects. |
|[filterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects filtered on the signed-in user.|
| [reprocess](../api/accesspackageassignment-reprocess.md) | None | Automatically reevaluate and enforce a user’s assignments for a specific access package.|

> | [additionalAccess](../api/accesspackageassignment-additionalaccess.md) [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects for users who have additional access to another access package.|

Reviewer: Same Q - Is this technically correct?
```suggestion
| [additionalAccess](../api/accesspackageassignment-additionalaccess.md) [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects for users who have assignments to incompatible access packages.|
```
